ECOPROJECT-12: Documentation for the Poison Pill Operator (#35974)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/eco-poison-pill-operator-about.adoc

//
// * nodes/nodes/eco-poison-pill-operator.adoc

[id="about-poison-pill-operator_{context}"]
= About the Poison Pill Operator

The Poison Pill Operator runs on the cluster nodes and reboots nodes that are identified as unhealthy. The Operator uses the `MachineHealthCheck` controller to detect the health of a node in the cluster. When a node is identified as unhealthy, the `MachineHealthCheck` resource creates the `PoisonPillRemediation` custom resource (CR), which triggers the Poison Pill Operator. 

The Poison Pill Operator provides the following capabilities:

* Minimizes downtime for stateful applications and restores compute capacity if transient failures occur.
* Independent of any management interface, such as IPMI or an API to provision a node. 

[id="understanding-poison-pill-operator-config_{context}"]
== Understanding the Poison Pill Operator configuration

The Poison Pill Operator creates the `PoisonPillConfig` CR with the name `poison-pill-config` in the Poison Pill Operator's namespace. You can edit this CR. However, you cannot create a new CR for the Poison Pill Operator.

A change in the `PoisonPillConfig` CR re-creates the Poison Pill daemon set.

> The `PoisonPillConfig` CR resembles the following YAML file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `PoisonPillConfig` definition resembles the following YAML file:
```

Author: > 
Retaining `PoisonPillConfig` CR per our discussion
Addressed the remaining comments. Thank again!

The Poison Pill Operator provides the following capabilities:

* Minimizes downtime for stateful applications and restores compute capacity if transient failures occur.
* Independent of any management interface, such as IPMI or an API to provision a node. 

[id="understanding-poison-pill-operator-config_{context}"]
== Understanding the Poison Pill Operator configuration

The Poison Pill Operator creates the `PoisonPillConfig` CR with the name `poison-pill-config` in the Poison Pill Operator's namespace. You can edit this CR. However, you cannot create a new CR for the Poison Pill Operator.

A change in the `PoisonPillConfig` CR re-creates the Poison Pill daemon set.

The `PoisonPillConfig` CR resembles the following YAML file:

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: poison-pill.medik8s.io/v1alpha1
kind: PoisonPillConfig
metadata:
  creationTimestamp: '2021-08-23T22:20:49Z'
  generation: 1
  managedFields:
    - apiVersion: poison-pill.medik8s.io/v1alpha1
      fieldsType: FieldsV1
      fieldsV1:
        'f:spec':
          .: {}
          'f:safeTimeToAssumeNodeRebootedSeconds': {}
          'f:watchdogFilePath': {}
      manager: manager
      operation: Update

>       time: '2021-08-23T22:20:49Z'

Reviewer 2: I think we can omit these lines as they don't add a real value for the users

  name: poison-pill-config
  namespace: openshift-operators
  resourceVersion: '31617'

>   uid: 7c9c4502-f847-4deb-ad7d-877551777a49

Reviewer 2: same for these

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * /machine_management/eco-poison-pill-operator.adoc

[id="about-poison-pill-operator_{context}"]
= About the Poison Pill Operator

> The Poison Pill Operator reboots unhealthy nodes in the cluster. The Operator uses the `MachineHealthCheck` controller to detect the health of a node in the cluster. When a node is identified as unhealthy, the `MachineHealthCheck` resource creates the `PoisonPillRemediation` custom resource (CR), which triggers the Poison Pill Operator. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Poison Pill Operator runs on cluster nodes in order to reboot them when they become unhealthy. The Operator relies on the `MachineHealthCheck` controller to detect the health of a node in the cluster. When a node is identified as unhealthy, the `MachineHealthCheck` resource creates the `PoisonPillRemediation` custom resource (CR), which triggers the Poison Pill Operator. 
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * /machine_management/eco-poison-pill-operator.adoc

[id="about-poison-pill-operator_{context}"]
= About the Poison Pill Operator

The Poison Pill Operator reboots unhealthy nodes in the cluster. The Operator uses the `MachineHealthCheck` controller to detect the health of a node in the cluster. 
When a node is identified as unhealthy, the `MachineHealthCheck` resource creates the `PoisonPillRemediation` CR, which triggers the Poison Pill Operator. 

The Poison Pill Operator provides the following capabilities:

- Minimizes downtime for stateful applications and and restores compute capacity if transient failures occur.

> - Independent of any management interface such as IPMI or an API to provision a node. 

Reviewer 4: Include a comma before such as

When you install the Poison Pill Operator, it creates the `PoisonPillConfig` CR.

The `PoisonPillConfig` CR is created with the name `poison-pill-config` in the namespace. The CR is created in the same namespace as that of the Poison Pill Operator. You can edit this CR, however, a new CR cannot be created.

A change in the `PoisonPillConfig` CR re-creates the Poison Pill daemon set.

The `PoisonPillConfig` CR resembles the following YAML file:

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: poison-pill.medik8s.io/v1alpha1
kind: PoisonPillConfig
metadata:
  creationTimestamp: '2021-08-23T22:20:49Z'
  generation: 1
  managedFields:
    - apiVersion: poison-pill.medik8s.io/v1alpha1
      fieldsType: FieldsV1
      fieldsV1:
        'f:spec':
          .: {}
          'f:safeTimeToAssumeNodeRebootedSeconds': {}
          'f:watchdogFilePath': {}
      manager: manager
      operation: Update
      time: '2021-08-23T22:20:49Z'
  name: poison-pill-config
  namespace: openshift-operators
  resourceVersion: '31617'
  uid: 7c9c4502-f847-4deb-ad7d-877551777a49
spec:
  safeTimeToAssumeNodeRebootedSeconds: 180 <1>
  watchdogFilePath: /test/watchdog1 <2>
----

> <1> Specify the timeout duration for the Operator to assume that an unhealthy node is rebooted. The Operator automatically calculates the lower limit for this value. However, for hardware where different nodes have different watchdog timeout, you must change this value to an upper limit.

Reviewer 5: s/have different/have a different/

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<1> Specify the timeout duration, after which for surviving peer Operators can assume that an unhealthy node has been rebooted. The Operator automatically calculates the lower limit for this value. However, if different nodes have different watchdog timeouts, or you want to be especially cautious, you must change this value to a higher value.
```
